#Tasks completed: Literature Review, joined Slack, installed Anaconda 3, can access Linux prompt/Powershell
#Tasks planned: Intro to Python and HPC, Intro to ASE, become more comfortable with Python and Linux prompts
#Contribution description: these completed tasks will serve as a baseline for further projects and research, kind of like a starting point. I will be able to use and apply these skills in future projects,
#as well as throughout the training module. 
#Literature Review
#Paper: Perdew, J., Chevary, J., Vosko, S., Jackson, K., Pederson, M., Singh, D., Fiolhalis, C. (1992) Atoms, molecules, solids, and surfaces: Applications of the generalized gradient approximation for
#exchange and correlation. Physical Review B 46(11). 
#1). Summary: The authors used generalized gradient approximations as an opportunity to improve on the accuracy of LSD approximations, and test this by calculating the total energies of atoms and approximations for
#ionization energies, electron affinities, and atomization energies. This density functional performs substantially better than expected, and corrects several errors presented by previous approximations.
#2). Figure: I found Table IV (I do recognize that this is not a figure...) the most interesting, since it quantifies the increase in accuracy from the pre-existing Hartree-Fock approximations to the very small
#root-mean-square of PW GGA-IIA in approximations for the ionization energy of the given 30 atoms. 
#3). Strongest Point: The strongest point of this paper was easily providing a multitude of examples of how GGA increases the accuracy of previous theories, and explaining the applications of this increase.
#4). Weakest Point: The weakest point of this theory is that ungeneralized second-order gradient expansions even further decrease the accuracy of the approximation of their lattice constants. Also, such non-
#local approximations work well only for ground-state properties, but their accuracy decrease substantially for asymptotic behavior,and can't be used for that approximation of the exchange-correlation hole.
#5). Relation: This paper relates to our research project because it covers different approximation methods utilized in density functional theory and compares their accuracy, providing examples of when each
#method should be used. Thus, I can reference this paper when needing to make calculations for various scenarios, depending on the calculation needed to be performed and the nature of the material. 
